full width image component (#4726)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/trainees/got-into-teaching.md

---
title: "Got Into Teaching"

> description: Celebrate accepting your position onto teacher training and starting your journey to become a teacher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Celebrate accepting your position onto teacher training and starting your journey to become a teacher.
```

> description: Celebrate accepting your position onto teacher training and starting your journey to become a teacher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Celebrate accepting your teacher training place and starting your journey to becoming a teacher.
```

> content:

Reviewer 2: is this content intentionally implemented as two distinct components: a header image and then a title element?
Would it be possible to implement both of these features (image + title) within a single component instead?
